[Instrumentation.AspNet] Fix metric http.server.duration always being zero (#1425)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AspNet/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fix for `http.server.duration` always being zero since `1.6.0-beta.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that caused `http.server.duration` metric value always set to `0`. The issue exists in `1.6.0-beta.1` version.
```
